[CHIHO]
[screams] Welcome to MgRonald's!
[scared]
[MAOU]
Hey, Chi. Have a sec?
I'm sorry.
I was loud again, wasn't I?
Both you and the patrons deserve
peace and normalcy.
Bring that battlefield junk
in here,
and you won't get promoted
to the second floor.
Guess you're right about that.
But even
without my new volume prob,
I'm not getting up there
anytime soon.
Yeah, I can understand
that feeling.
[CHIHO]
I don't get it.
How does her coffee come out
so super yummy?
[MAOU]
Beats me.
She uses the exact
same pot and beans that we do.
-I wonder what her secret is.
-Me too.
Hey, there!
Welcome in!
[MAOU]
Bye! Be safe getting home.
Yes, sir!
Have a very lovely night!
If you run into trouble,
use that big voice
to scream my name.
[gasps]
Hush. It's not nice to tease me,
you know!
[MAOU]
Just be careful out there.
-Oh, also...
-Great, what now?
You're working hard. Thank you.
I realized
I hadn't said that yet.
But I... I'm doing it
for lots of logical reasons,
not just for you!
[KISAKI] Was Chi's volume
any better today?
For sure.
There were a couple times
that she cut it close,
but she's trying her hardest
to rein it in.
I see.
I wonder if Chi's found
a new goal
that she's working toward too.
Wait a sec. "Too?"
You got some big scheme?
Don't worry about it.
It's nothing.
[gasps]
Oh, yeah!
Speaking of our goals and stuff,
I've been meaning to ask you
how your coffee is so awesome!
[confused]
[MAOU]
"MgRonald's Barista Training"?
[KISAKI] Do you know
what "barista" means?
[MAOU]
[screams] Fire the ballista!
No, ma'am!
That sure sounds cool, though!
"Barista" is an Italian word.
Most people think it's someone
who makes coffee.
But really,
baristas make all types
of nonalcoholic beverages.
-One of which is coffee.
-[MAOU] Huh, sweet gig.
[KISAKI] Some baristas handle
a lot more than the drinks.
They're experts on everything,
from the equipment
to the customers.
They call themselves "barmen."
That's my dream,
I want to join their ranks.
[gasps]
I swear, you're gonna rule
the whole world someday!
Like MgR's royalty!
Well, thank you, but MgR's?
Rewind.
If you want
to make coffee like mine,
then, you should really sign up
for this course.
Since you've worked
as a shift manager,
you don't even have to worry
about paying the fee.
Got it.
[Ashiya hums]
[door opens]
Welcome back home, your Majesty.
Next-door. Why is Suz still up?
[ASHIYA]
Miss Sasaki is visiting.
I'm sure
they're nearing the peak
of celestial force fun time
by now.
She's working her past midnight?
Wow.
[door knocks]
[MAOU] Hey, Chi? You in there?
I think it's time for you
to head home.
Silence, Satan.
You're not her keeper.
I have good Chiho's
true guardian's blessing.
Her mother says
she can stay here tonight.
Oh, funny. Has she now?
Yes, indeedy! [giggles]
Should've told ya.
Nah, I just wanted to say,
don't push yourself too hard.
Yes, sir!
It's rather droll
that the demonic warlord
believes himself
more compassionate than me.
We have finished training
for the night.
Before you so rudely barged in,
we were enjoying the girl talk.
Now, I bid you goodnight.
[MAOU]
"Girl talk," my left ass cheek.
[exhales]
Normalcy is a lie, huh?
As soon as it's normal,
it's gone.
Emo time?
Hm?
Nah. I was just thinking
about how everything's
always changing.
I guess "normal" doesn't mean
every day is identical.
Just that the wicked hand
of Big Papa Time
is marching along
at the same invisible rate.
Damn. Has the man got you down?
Or are you finally
losing your mind?
I think change is a good thing.
Life would suck if it was always
the same old, same old.
Yeah, like I need advice
from you!
I'm just saying that I know
this subject more intimately
than anyone else, actually.
[jarring indication]
I see. Then, perhaps, you would
like to vary our daily routines.
I'll loaf and you do chores.
A real interesting idea,
but some things are just
too set in stone to touch, so...
[SUZUNO] I must admit,
I didn't expect you to develop
such steady activation abilities
in a week.
It might well be time for us
to move on
to basic idea link training.
You really think so?
You certainly have the aptitude.
If you had been born
in Ente Isla,
you could've become
a mighty Celestialist.
Oh, no way!
This is like, super selfish,
but I wish you all could forget
about the messy Ente Isla stuff.
Then maybe, the new normal
we've found together here
could go on forever.
If we all tried our very best
to get along,
I think it could happen.
But I know
Miss Yusa's struggling.
She's different.
Especially in the way
she treats Mister Maou.
[SUZUNO]
Your "Mister Maou"
is not the father-killer
that Emilia set out to slay.
[gasps]
In fact, if recent information
is correct,
her father is alive.
Up until this point,
vengeance and duty have been
the driving forces in her life.
Having lost her mission,
she doesn't know how to proceed.
But you've given our friend
more purpose than you know.
Teaching you the arts
has somewhat occupied her mind.
Emilia is in dire need
of distractions like that
to turn her focus
from the Devil.
It's fortunate that MgRonald's
is open again.
Wait, why does that matter?
Sariel works at Sentucky Fried
across the street, doesn't he?
That should keep Olba
and the demons well away,
lessening Emilia's
Maou-related load.
[panic] About that,
I'm not so sure
we can rely on him right now.
[EMI] We can't count on Sariel
to crack skulls anymore?
[SUZUNO] Apparently not.
According to good Chiho...
The apple of my eye!
I'll give you exactly
ten seconds
to explain why you're holding up
my crew.
[grunts]
Just a bit of company research,
nothing more!
You're banned from our store
until further notice!
[gasps]
She says that he's been a husk
of his former self since.
He's certainly taking up
less space.
Maybe he went home for the day?
No. I can very faintly sense
his presence.
Perhaps he's taken shelter
beneath the furniture.
Come on, he's a grown man,
not a cockroach.
But if his power levels
are feeling remotely bug-like,
that's bad news.
I guess Chiho was for real.
Have a good night, sir.
-Huh?
[groans]
[both gasp]
The chubby cherub has lost
his chubby!
My beloved!
He's deflated.
What do we do?
[bird caws]
[groans]
It's less Chateau
and more shithole.
Check it out.
Isn't that Maou
and Chiho's manager?
-[jarring indication]
-[sniffs]
[gasps]
I know you're here!
[screams]
Did my fair goddess
pass by you just now?
Don't you play smart with me,
Crestia Bel!
She was here! I know it!
Attempt to regain
your composure. I beg you!
The cops won't give a damn
about your heartbreak.
Let her go in five seconds,
or I'm calling.
My love was here.
That much I can smell!
Her personal fragrance lingers.
The coffee brewed by any other
could never smell as sweet!
I can't do this!
Why do we have to deal
with this headache?
I'm real sick of putting myself
through hell
to protect the Devil.
[sighs]
[SUZUNO]
Up until this point,
vengeance and duty have been
the driving forces in her life.
Having lost her mission,
she doesn't know how to proceed.
[CHIHO] I wonder
what Mister Maou thinks
about the whole thing.
Maybe he would want to tell me.
The hardest part
will be getting him alone
for enough time.
No! I can't ask for alone time.
That's like a da--
Got something on your mind, Chi?
Oh, gosh!
Oops, I totally spaced out
again, didn't I?
Am I all that easy to read?
To tell you the truth, I've been
feeling anxious lately too.
It's given me a sixth sense
to see those in the same boat.
You get anxious too,
Miss Kisaki?
I am only human, you know.
For now, worry
about what's in front of you.
Right here, right now,
there's only one thing
for us to do.
To flip those burgers
like there's no tomorrow!
Agreed?
Yeah! Yes, ma'am!
You're so wise.
One thing...
Awesome.
So, were gonna be honing
our barista skills together,
then?
Uh-huh.
Listen...
Hello. It seems we caught you
on your way home.
What'd I do this time?
Sounds like an admission
of guilt, if you ask me.
[gasps]
Big shock! Princess wants
an excuse to fight me.
[grunts]
I need an excuse to fight you,
an excuse to see you.
Why does the Hero
always have to justify
dealing with the Devil?
[shocked]
What's gotten into you?
You've been acting
all weird lately.
[sobs]
[gasps]
Are you okay?
Emilia's daddio?
Man is alive and kicking.
All I did was tell her so.
I'm still angry
and I won't forgive you,
no matter what you do.
-[MAOU] I've been thinking...
-[EMI] What?
Maybe the human world
isn't the one for me anymore.
I've got a whole lot of demons
waiting for me back home.
One little call to Camio,
and it's like I was never here.
I've put off world domination
for long enough.
[shocked]
No way.
You don't mean that, do you?
This charade never made sense,
anyway.
I led hundreds of tribes
back in the demon realm.
More than five-hundred thousand
soldiers hung on my every word.
What could I possibly have
to learn from this place?
We all know what that would mean
for you, Miss Hero.
If I were to bring back
the violence,
I can guess where you would be.
Right back at my throat,
just like in the good old days.
Wait til I tell Ashiya.
I hope he'll let me terrorize
Japan before we bounce.
[EMI]
That's hilarious.
Even if you did have it in you,
I know that you never could!
Cool it with the yelling.
You'll freak out Miss Kisaki.
Just tell me
what it is you want, Maou!
[MAOU] I thought
I made that clear,
to dominate the world.
And after you do,
what comes next?
You'll rule a land
that holds no appeal for demons
other than a captured population
of humans to hunt.
What comes after that?
Well, the next logical step
is to plunge the world
into despair.
It is painfully obvious to me
and everyone here
that you would never do
such a thing.
And it hurts!
If you were really this cruel,
bloodthirsty demon
you pretend to be,
then I would...
I would still know what
the hell I'm supposed to do!
Miss Yusa?
I don't believe you've ever
wanted to conquer anything!
It's all overkill.
Murder so that you can matter?
Murder so there's a chance that
someone out there respects you?
[jarring indication]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Where did Mister Maou go?
[shocked]
Well, you might've just saved me
from saying something
I wouldn't be able to take back.
But I'm pissed that
it cost me the sickest clapback
of the century.
So, who are you two
supposed to be?
State your name, say your piece,
and scram once you're satisfied.
Or else...
I'm already P-Oed.
Don't test me.
King Satan.
My name is Farfarello, I am
a leader of the Malebranche,
and come to you today
to speak on their behalf.
[MAOU]
I figured you were a demon.
How about you, micro-samurai?
You a demon too?
[ERONE]
Erone. Human.
[MAOU] Why are you hanging
around this guy?
[ERONE]
Orders.
Uh-huh. Right.
And what do you want with me?
I bring exciting news.
We've captured
their strongpoint.
The Malebranche now rule
the Eastern continent.
Therefore, we humbly ask you
to return and join us
in taking hold of--
Nah! I'm good!
[shocked]
Huh? Don't you "Huh" me.
-Get lost!
-But why, your Majesty?
No service.
[CHIHO]
Where did he go?
[SUZUNO]
Could this be the work of...
[EMI]
A demon.
-[shocked]
-A barrier.
[SARUE]
My sweet goddess!
-I have come to save you!
-Light of Iron!
[grunts]
[thud]
What've you done with my love?
Nothing in the slightest.
She's not here.
Hold on. Where's Chiho?
I didn't see her leave.
Why would an ordinary barrier
make someone disappear?
[SARUE] That's no
ordinary barrier. It's...
...a dimensional phase shifter.
[MAOU] I already told Ciriatto
I have no desire to come back.
Besides, do you really take me
for the type of pantywaist
that would wrestle it out
in another man's fundoshi?
[FARFARELLO]
"Another man's fundoshi"?
[grunts]
[MAOU] A fundoshi is a type
of Japanese underwear!
If you're gonna come barging
over here, learn the culture!
In the traditional martial art
of sumo wrestling,
you're only allowed
to wear a fundoshi!
It basically functions
like armor.
[FARFARELLO]
So, one wins once he's destroyed
his opponents under garments?
[MAOU]
Son of a...
It's just a phrase,
nobody wrestles
with their hogs out!
Understood.
I'm sorry to be that guy,
but sumos wear mawashi now.
Oh, yeah, sounds right!
Wait! So, why is it "fundoshi"
in the idiom then?
Because that's what they wore
a long time ago.
Hey! Why are you here?
It's not safe, Chi!
You can't take Mister Maou back
to Ente Isla, you hear me?
He still has a lot of stuff
to do in Japan, so--
Stay behind me.
[FARFARELLO]
Your Majesty,
am I to believe that
what this girl says is true?
And why does this "stuff"
involve protecting a human?
If I didn't know better,
I would think
this world has made you
lose your way.
This world has convinced you
to abandon your own kind.
-That ain't true!
-[gasps]
I won't forget where I started!
And I won't forget those
who believed in me!
Not for my life!
I didn't realize what
world domination would mean.
I was able to turn a blind eye
for a while.
But I can no longer
look past the tragedy I caused
in the name of conquest!
If I try to walk
that same path of ruin again,
the Hero really will kill me,
and demon-kind will be doomed!
But we have grown!
We won't make
the same mistakes again!
If we keep throwing violence
at the world,
it's gonna throw violence
right back at us!
I'll say it one more time.
Leave the Eastern continent,
and go home.
Ciriatto will help you
figure out the logistics.
And Camio won't punish you.
My, my! What a shame.
Olba had warned me that
this country had defanged you.
But I refused to believe him.
Though if what he was saying
is factual.
[shocked]
Lemme guess,
you'll kill me here and now?
Let Barabriccia
make himself king?
No.
I will ask that you take this.
What's that?
A travel-sized bit
of condensed magic.
If you were to consume it,
I believe that your heart
will be restored
to it's former ferocity.
Interesting. Guess I'll keep it.
Though I can tell you,
my feelings won't change.
Keep it? Please, Sire,
you must eat it now.
Oh? What's with the big hurry?
You'll see.
[ERONE]
Breaking.
[glass cracks]
[crashes]
Heavenly Fang of Light!
[explosion]
[groans]
Whoa! Emi?
Glad you're here!
And were glad you're alright.
Emilia! Bel!
Watch out for the child samurai.
He's making the barrier!
The second that I pick a fight,
you've got the nerve
to disappear.
That really pissed me off.
The hell?
I didn't get a clapback in!
Well, at least I could take out
a little anger on the barrier.
-I feel way better now!
-[MAOU] You freak.
Leave those dorks to me.
You just protect Chiho.
-Right.
-Who are you?
Weird.
You're a demon, aren't you?
You really don't recognize me?
No. Impossible, you can't be!
Emilia Justina,
get it right next time!
If there is a next time.
[groans]
If you forget everything
you've seen here,
I'll let you scurry on home
to the demon realm
and quietly live out
the rest of your days.
I can't stop you
from trying anything.
Just be prepared
to lose your head.
Why does she always sound
more like a villain than a Hero?
Erone!
[gasps]
Stay back!
[grunts]
Holy Mirror Flare!
[yells]
[ALAS]
Erone?
Mama! Erone! No more!
No more being a meanie!
Please stop it!
Hello?
It's no time for baby talk!
Gaze of the Fall!
[grunts]
Erone. We withdraw.
[shocked]
[FARFARELLO]
Your Majesty,
I shall be back
to bring you home.
Says the demon being carried
by a scrawny human kid.
Nice try,
but you two can't escape my--
Oh, come on!
[grunts]
-God, you suck.
-Excuse me?
But, hey,
you did technically help us.
So, thanks, I guess.
-Yikes, Suz. You good?
-Think so.
All of my bones are intact,
but he packed a punch.
[EMI]
That Erone kid.
I think he might be
like Alas Ramus.
[all shocked]
Uh-huh! Yessod is me!
And my friend Erone is Geburah!